
# Contributing
Thank you for contributing to the project! ❤️

## How To Contribute
### Creating an Issue
#### Bug reports
Before submitting, please review our [guide for tips](2.reporting-bugs.md) on how to identify and report issues effectively.

#### Feature requests
Make sure there isn’t already an open issue or PR about the feature you’re proposing.

### Creating a Pull Request
#### Commit Conventions
We use [Conventional Commits](https://www.conventionalcommits.org/en/v1.0.0/) for commit messages, which allows auto-generating our changelog based on commit messages.

Note that `fix:` and `feat:` are for actual code changes. For typos or documentation changes, use `docs:` or `chore:` instead:

- ~~`fix: typo`~~ -> `docs: fix typo`

#### Making the Pull Request
Make sure your PR's title follows the [Commit Convention](#commit-conventions), and to link related issues in the description.

You can have multiple commits in a single PR; we use `Squash and Merge` to squash the commits into one commit when merging.

In general, please also make sure that there are no unrelated changes in a PR. For example, if your editor has made any changes to whitespace or formatting elsewhere in a file that you edited, please revert these so it is more obvious what your PR changes. And please avoid including multiple unrelated features or fixes in a single PR. If it is possible to separate them, it is better to have multiple PRs to review and merge separately. In general, a PR should do one thing only.
